Graphically and using derivatives, find the values guaranteed to exist by The Mean Value Theorem for Derivatives.

  
Determine if the conditions of the mean value theorem are met by the function f left parenthesis x right parenthesis equals x cubed plus 2 x on left square bracket short dash 1 comma space 1 right square bracket. If so, find the values of c in left parenthesis short dash 1 comma space 1 right parenthesis guaranteed by the theorem.

a.)
f left parenthesis x right parenthesis is a polynomial and therefore is continuous on left square bracket short dash 1 comma space 1 right square bracket and differentiable on the interval left parenthesis short dash 1 comma space 1 right parenthesis.

The value guaranteed by the mean value theorem is c equals 29.

b.)
f left parenthesis x right parenthesis is a polynomial and therefore is continuous on left square bracket short dash 1 comma space 1 right square bracket and differentiable on the interval left parenthesis short dash 1 comma space 1 right parenthesis.

The value guaranteed by the mean value theorem is c equals fraction numerator square root of 3 over denominator 3 end fraction.

c.)
f left parenthesis x right parenthesis is a polynomial and therefore is continuous on left square bracket short dash 1 comma space 1 right square bracket and differentiable on the interval left parenthesis short dash 1 comma space 1 right parenthesis.

The values guaranteed by the mean value theorem are c equals short dash fraction numerator square root of 3 over denominator 3 end fraction and c equals fraction numerator square root of 3 over denominator 3 end fraction.

d.)
f left parenthesis x right parenthesis is a polynomial and therefore is continuous on left square bracket short dash 1 comma space 1 right square bracket and differentiable on the interval left parenthesis short dash 1 comma space 1 right parenthesis.

The value guaranteed by the mean value theorem is c equals 2.





--------------------
Based on the information provided, the correct statement is:

c.)
f(x) is a polynomial and therefore is continuous on [-1, 1] and differentiable on the interval (-1, 1).

The values guaranteed by the mean value theorem are c = -sqrt(3)/3 and c = sqrt(3)/3.

This is correct because a polynomial is continuous on any interval and differentiable on any interval. The mean value theorem guarantees the existence of at least one value c in the interval (-1, 1) such that f'(c) = (f(1) - f(-1)) / (1 - (-1)). The specific values of c are found by solving the equation f'(c) = (f(1) - f(-1)) / (1 - (-1)) for c. The other statements are not correct because they do not accurately reflect the requirements or conclusions of the mean value theorem.